VioletSolver contains third-party software components governed by the license(s) indicated below:

---

### NuGetForUnity

#### Package: [com.github-glitchenzo.nugetforunity](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 4.1.1

#### [Documentation](https://github.com/GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Patrick McCarthy

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### uOSC

#### Package: [com.hecomi.uosc](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.0.0

#### [Documentation]()

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 hecomi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---

### Third Party Notices Generator

#### Package: [com.ncdev.third-party-notices-generator](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 0.1.0

#### [Documentation]()

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Nikita Cherniadev

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### Animation Rigging

#### Package: [com.unity.animation.rigging](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.2.1

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.animation.rigging@1.2/manual/index.html)

Animation Rigging copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Version Control

#### Package: [com.unity.collab-proxy](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 2.5.1

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.collab-proxy@2.5/manual/index.html)

Version Control copyright © 2023 Unity Technologies

Licensed under the Unity Package Distribution License (see https://unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Package_Distribution_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### TextMeshPro

#### Package: [com.unity.textmeshpro](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 3.0.6

#### [Documentation]()

TextMesh Pro copyright © 2021 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Timeline

#### Package: [com.unity.timeline](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.7.6

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.timeline@1.7/manual/index.html)

Timeline copyright © 2022 Unity Technologies

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Visual Scripting

#### Package: [com.unity.visualscripting](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.9.2

#### [Documentation]()

com.unity.visualscripting copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies

Licensed under the Unity Package Distribution License (see https://unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Package_Distribution_License ).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### UniGLTF

#### Package: [com.vrmc.gltf](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 0.126.0

#### [Documentation]()

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 ousttrue

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### VRM

#### Package: [com.vrmc.univrm](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 0.126.0

#### [Documentation]()

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 VRM Consortium

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice (including the next paragraph) shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---

### VRM-1.0

#### Package: [com.vrmc.vrm](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 0.126.0

#### [Documentation]()

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 VRM Consortium
Copyright (c) 2018 Masataka SUMI for MToon

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### Visual Studio Editor

#### Package: [com.unity.ide.visualstudio](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 2.0.22

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ide.visualstudio@2.0/manual/index.html)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Unity Technologies
Copyright (c) 2019 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### JetBrains Rider Editor

#### Package: [com.unity.ide.rider](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 3.0.28

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ide.rider@3.0/manual/index.html)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Unity Technologies Copyright (c) 2019 JetBrains s.r.o. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### Visual Studio Code Editor

#### Package: [com.unity.ide.vscode](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.2.5

#### [Documentation]()

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Unity Technologies

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### Editor Coroutines

#### Package: [com.unity.editorcoroutines](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.0.0

#### [Documentation]()

com.unity.core.editorcoroutines copyright © 2018 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Profile Analyzer

#### Package: [com.unity.performance.profile-analyzer](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.2.2

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.performance.profile-analyzer@1.2/manual/index.html)

Profile Analyzer copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Test Framework

#### Package: [com.unity.test-framework](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.1.33

#### [Documentation]()

Test Framework copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Code Coverage

#### Package: [com.unity.testtools.codecoverage](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.2.5

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.testtools.codecoverage@1.2/manual/index.html)

Code Coverage copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Burst

#### Package: [com.unity.burst](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.8.12

#### [Documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.burst@1.8/manual/index.html)

Burst copyright © 2022 Unity Technologies
Source code of the package is licensed under the Unity Companion License (see https://unity3d.com/legal/licenses/unity_companion_license); otherwise licensed under the Unity Package Distribution License (see https://unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Package_Distribution_License ).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Settings Manager

#### Package: [com.unity.settings-manager](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 2.0.1

#### [Documentation]()

com.unity.settings-manager copyright © 2021 Unity Technologies ApS

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### Custom NUnit

#### Package: [com.unity.ext.nunit](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.0.6

#### [Documentation]()

Copyright (c) 2018 Charlie Poole, Rob Prouse

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

---

### Mathematics

#### Package: [com.unity.mathematics](UnityEditor.PackageManager.PackageInfo)

#### Version: 1.2.6

#### [Documentation]()

com.unity.mathematics copyright © 2019 Unity Technologies

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects (see https://unity3d.com/legal/licenses/unity_companion_license).
Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

---

### UniTask

#### Package: com.cysharp.unitask

#### Version: 2.5.10

#### [Documentation](https://github.com/Cysharp/UniTask/blob/master/README.md)

com.unity.mathematics copyright © 2019 Unity Technologies

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2019 Yoshifumi Kawai / Cysharp, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### HumanLandmarks

#### Package: com.ec-k.humanlandmarks

#### Version: 0.2.0

#### [Documentation](https://github.com/ec-k/HumanLandmarks/blob/main/README.md)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 EC-K

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### HumanoidPoseConnector

#### Package: com.ec2k.humanoidooseconnector

#### Version: 0.2.2

#### [Documentation](https://github.com/ec-k/HumanoidPoseConnector/blob/main/README.md)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 EC-K

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### VRigUnity

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 HaruCoded

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
